EC-84: Restructure eZ Commerce doc, part 2 (#2)
ezsystems/commerce-documentation: docs/guide/configuration/configuration.md

RewriteRule ^/var/assets/.* - [L]
```

# PHP settings

## Session settings

> A parameter in `php.ini` (e.g. `/etc/php5/apache2/php.ini`) might have to be set up since it reduces the lifetime of a session:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A parameter in `php.ini` (e.g. `/etc/php5/apache2/php.ini`) should be set up since it reduces the lifetime of a session:
```

``` 
session.gc_maxlifetime = 86400
```

It can be set in a `.htaccess` as well:

``` 
php_value session.gc_maxlifetime 86400
```

## Bundles

> The method `registerBundles()` in our kernel loads different bundles based on the environment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `registerBundles()` method in Kernel loads different bundles based on the environment.
```

In addition, you are able to load client-specific bundles here:

``` php
//custom bundles for clients
switch ($this->getClient()) {
    case "demo":
        $bundles[] = new Silversolutions\Bundle\DemoBundle\SilversolutionsDemoBundle();
    }
```

> The value that is considered here comes is passed from the vhost configuration into the script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The value that is considered here is passed from the vhost configuration into the script.
```

        lostOrderEmailReceiver: shop@silversolutions.de
        contactMailReceiver: shop@silversolutions.de
        cancellationMailReceiver: shop@silversolutions.de
        shopOwnerMailReceiver: shop@silversolutions.de
    ses_eshop.forms.business.default_contact_recipient: shop@silversolutions.de
    ses_eshop.order.sales_contact: shop@silversolutions.de
    ses_eshop.lostorder_email: shop@silversolutions.de
    siso_paypal_payment.receiver_email: shop@silver.de
    silver_tools.default.translationFolderId: 61 # root (1) / Components (59) / Textmodules (61)
    siso_core.default.user_group_location: 106
    siso_core.default.user_group_location.business: 385
    siso_core.default.user_group_location.private: 388
    siso_core.default.product_catalog_content_type_id: 45

    ezcommerce.installer.migration_files_path: '%kernel.project_dir%/migrations/demo'

    one_sky_api_key: my-one-sky-key
    one_sky_secret: my-onesky-password
```

## General settings

### General shop settings prices

#### Currencies used per country

``` yaml
siso_core.de.standard_price_factory.fallback_currency: EUR
siso_core.en.standard_price_factory.fallback_currency: GBP
```

#### Shipping costs

> If you want to set up special rules for shipping costs you can achieve this in the Back Office.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can set up special rules for shipping costs in the Back Office.
```

Navigate to eCommerce -> Price and stock management and click **Shipping cost management**.

![](../img/base_configuration.png)

#### Settings for VAT

The settings can be done for each delivery country you want to support in your shop. 

``` yaml
siso_core.default.vat:
    DE:
        VATREDUCED: 7
        VATNORMAL: 19
    US: 
        VATREDUCED: 4
        VATNORMAL: 4   
    default:
        VATREDUCED: 7
        VATNORMAL: 19
        
```

### Payment 

> If you want to enable Paypal as a payment provider you need to configure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to enable PayPal as a payment provider you need to configure:
```
